Astro 4/11 release notes (#2124)
astronomer/docs: astro/release-notes.md

**Latest CLI Version**: 1.13.0 ([Release notes](cli/release-notes.md))

## April 11, 2023

### Additional improvements

> - The node type for running Airflow system components on GCP clusters has been reduced from `n2-standard-4`  to `e2-standard-4`.

Author: ```suggestion
- The node type for running Airflow system components on GCP clusters has been reduced from `n2-standard-4`  to `e2-standard-4`.
- To optimize infrastructure costs for running the Kubernetes executor, Kubernetes Executor worker Pods from different Deployments can now run on the same worker node. This occurs only when the Deployments are in the same Workspace and use the same worker node instance type.
```

### Additional improvements

- The node type for running Airflow system components on GCP clusters has been reduced from `n2-standard-4`  to `e2-standard-4`.

> - To optimize infrastructure costs for running the Kubernetes executor, Kubernetes Executor worker Pods from different Deployments can now run on the same worker node. This occurs only when the Deployments are in the same Workspace and use the same worker node instance type.

Author: ```suggestion
- To optimize infrastructure costs for running the Kubernetes executor, Kubernetes Executor worker Pods from different Deployments can now run on the same worker node. This occurs only when the Deployments are hosted in the same cluster and use the same worker node instance type.
```
